The empress arrives
Bye bye retire
Passing by Her Majesty the Empress of Great Xia
Get up
Building Empress Jianguo Mr. Jianzun
I wish Mr. Jianzun a happy wedding
All old acquaintances
Empress, don't be so polite
Take a seat first, I still have some personal matters to deal with
Today is the wedding of Mr. Jianzun
Any other personal matters?
There are a lot of people here today
They all think I'm impersonating Swordsman
Doubt me and even try to catch me
So I'm going to prove something
There are still people who dare to question Mr. Sword Master
However, it is no wonder that Mr. Jianzun is famous all over the world
But usually the form is low-key
Only the world's top furniture
I am fortunate to have met your true face
How can ordinary people know that you are okay?
You talk on TV every day
They all know you
Just help me testify, no problem at all
I have known Mr. Jianzun for several years
I, Daxia, have also been in trouble many times
With the help of Mr. Jianzun, the head of state
Although Mr. Jianzun is in the world
But the fishermen of the country
Bow to the committee I know better
Who else do you have?
Do you dare to question the identity of Mr. Jianzun?